uh-oh brandon has missed too many
lectures
and now the guy has problems with his
professor
the man agrees to give the student a
chance to redeem himself
but only if he fulfills a task the
professor has for him
i'll give you one glass of milk and one
glass of water
you'll need to pour the two liquids into
a bowl but you should be able to
separate the milk from the water later
you can't use any kind of dividers
brandon spent several hours mulling over
the problem
but he was desperate enough to crack
this riddle what did he do
he poured all the water into a bowl and
froze it
after that he added the milk
one morning melissa saw that some money
was missing from the wallet she had left
on the table the night before
her husband was on a business trip so it
must have been one of her sons who took
the cash
jason who was 17 15 year old jacob
or her youngest son andrew he was 13.
melissa asked her sons what they had
been doing the previous evening
jason said i felt unwell and had a
headache
after dinner i took a painkiller and
went to bed right away
jacob told his mom my friend eric stayed
for dinner after that i gave him a lift
home
and andrew reminded melissa he had had
his basketball training
the woman immediately understood who had
taken the money
can you figure it out as well
jacob was lying he was only 15 years old
and couldn't drive
legally detective green was called to
investigate an accident
a car crashed into a store window and
smashed the glass
there are two suspects both of them deny
causing the accident
detective green doesn't need much time
to figure out who the culprit is
do you know it too
it's the owner of the blue car the
pattern on its tires is the same
as the one on the ground in front of the
store
it was a busy monday morning at the
police station when a man rushed in
i was robbed on the way to the bank he
screamed i was going there
carrying a bag with a large sum of money
suddenly a man wearing a black mask and
a pair of gloves
ran up to me he snatched the bag and
darted away
the police officer listened to the man
and asked him
about a fresh cut on his right cheek the
man replied he was left by a ring the
criminal had been wearing
when the policeman heard these words he
immediately understood
the man was lying how did he realize
that
[Music]
the man said the robber had been wearing
gloves then
how could the ring scratch his cheek you
lose your friends in a crowd
you spend half an hour looking for them
and finally
here they are what is the first thing
you do as soon as you see them
you stop searching look at these two
women and the teenager sitting on the
floor
he seems to be absorbed in his
smartphone can you figure out which
woman
is his mother
the woman on the left children often
subconsciously sit facing their parents
the teenager and the woman also have the
same hair color
timothy and laura were high school
sweethearts they got married shortly
after
college so far they've been together for
20 years
and have two kids who don't live with
them anymore
unfortunately the spouses have started
to fight a lot recently
one day they talk and decide to divorce
both of them confess they've already
found new partners on a dating site
timothy says he's happy to have lots of
common interests with his internet
girlfriend
and laura boasts that her new boyfriend
understands her perfectly
one day timothy and laura decide to meet
their ideal partners in real life
strangely after this meeting the couple
calls off their divorce
can you figure out why
timothy and laura found out they were
having an online relationship
with each other an old man decided to
leave
all the money he's been saving for his
entire life
to one of his three sons but he couldn't
choose
which one should get the money that's
why the man gave each of them
one coin he asked his sons to buy
something that would fill the largest
room in their house
the oldest son bought some raw cotton
but it wasn't enough to fill the whole
room
the middle son brought home some straw
and still
there was some space left in the room
and the youngest son
bought two cheap things that managed to
fill the room right away
he ended up being the one to get his
father's money
what did he bring home
[Music]
the youngest son bought a box of matches
and a candle
after he lit the candle the room was
instantly filled with light
patrick shaves every day but every
morning he finds his beard to be just as
long as it was the day before
how come
patrick is a barber he shaves other
people
amanda was 21 on her last birthday
but she's going to be 23 on her next one
how is it possible
[Music]
it's amanda's 22nd birthday today
helen was walking in the forest and got
lost
after wandering hours to find her way
back she comes to a clearing
there the woman sees three narrow paths
but one of them is blocked by huge dense
bushes with sharp thorns
the second is littered with trash and
broken glass
and the third path is guarded by massive
scary-looking
mantises which road should helen pick
the woman should choose the third path
mantises might look terrifying
but they're totally harmless a mad
scientist caught kevin
and locked him in a small room there
were no windows
and the door was locked but there was a
note on the table
it was from the scientist jfma
guess the missing letter and i'll set
you free
in 10 minutes kevin was already running
away from the strange place
he managed to figure out that the
missing letter was j
those were the first letters of the
months of the year from january to
december
and the sixth letter j stood for june
can you figure out what this rebus
puzzle means
it's no biggie no big e
yeah it's a fruit it's tasty and sweet
and can give you a lot of energy but you
can also find it in your calendar
what is it
[Music]
it's a date anna asked her colleague
daniel to give her a lift to the college
where her daughter studied
she promised the girl to take her
shopping that day
on their way there anna got an idea how
about a bet
i'll prepare one of your reports for you
if you managed to figure out which girl
is my daughter
daniel was up for the challenge when
they arrived at the college
they saw three girls waiting at the
gates daniel was confused
they all look similar can you figure out
who anna's daughter is
[Music]
it's the girl on the left anna has the
letter l
tattooed on her wrist and the girl is
wearing a bracelet with the same letter
a teenager is walking along the street
together with a car mechanic
the guy is the mechanic's son but the
mechanic
isn't the boy's father how is it
possible
the car mechanic is the guy's mother
two cars silver and white are moving
along the same highway
the silver car is traveling at a speed
that's twice higher than that of the
white car
they both started at the same time and
still after some time on the road the
two cars come across
each other how is it possible
the cars were moving toward each other
john and michael are car mechanics after
finishing a tricky repair
they get out from under the car john's
face is all dirty
but michael's face is miraculously clean
and still it's michael who goes and
washes his face
why
[Music]
michael looked at his colleague and
thought his face was dirty too
but when john saw michael whose face was
spotless
he concluded he was just as clean
when do you keep moving when you see red
but stop once it's green
it always happens when you're eating a
watermelon
who is the only brother-in-law of your
mother's brother
that's your father one night a group of
thieves was stealing boxes with
electronics from a warehouse
they were carrying them to their van
when they heard a police car siren
but even though the thieves didn't
manage to avoid the police
they didn't get arrested why
they started to carry the boxes back to
the warehouse
and the police thought it was a late
night delivery
that's kind of smart